Show dem it girl (bada bang-bang)
No, I ain't got cash, I ain't got cash
Get with it girl (bada bang-bang)
Come on, come on, turn the radio on
It's Friday night and I won't be long
Gotta do my hair, I put my makeup on
Till I hit the dance floor (bada bang)
Hit the dance floor (bada bang)
I don't need no money
Bounce with it girl, dance with it girl
But I got you baby
(Just you and me) baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills)
Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills)
But I don't need no money
You worth more dan diamonds, more dan gold
As long as I can feel the beat
Mek di beat jus' tek control
I got all I need
As long as I keep dancing
Free, cause anytime you wine and kotch it
Di selector pull it up an pull it pon repeat girl
Gotta paint my nails, put my high-heels on
I got all I need (Sia)
Me and you girl, you and me
Drop it to di floor an mek mi see your energy because
Mi nah play na hide an seek
Wah fi see di ting you have weg mek me feel weak girl
Free up yourself, get outta control
It's Saturday and I won't be long
Mi nah touch a dollar in mi pocket
'Cause nuttin' in this world ain't more dan what you worth
Mek di beat jus tek control
Free up yourself, get outa control, oh, oh
La, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills)
Up with it girl, rock with it girl (say ya)